A lightly pigmented, silky setting powder that bakes & sets, blurs the look of fine lines, and locks in makeup for 10 hours with an airbrushed finish.

Callouts:
This product is formulated without parabens, cruelty-free, and vegan.

Ingredients:
-Vitamin E: Moisturizes and strengthens the skin barrier for a smooth application.

-Rice Starch Powder: Absorbs excess oil. 

-Micronized Powder: Allows you to layer without caking.



Talc, Synthetic Fluorphlogopite, Silica, Dimethicone, Nylon-12, Caprylyl Glycol, Pentylene Glycol, Oryza Sativa Starch / Oryza Sativa (Rice) Starch, Phenyl Trimethicone, Sodium Dehydroacetate, Octyldodecyl Stearoyl Stearate, Diisostearyl Malate, Parfum / Fragrance, Tocopheryl Acetate, Benzyl Salicylate, Sorbitan Sesquioleate, Hexyl Cinnamal, Linalool, Coumarin, Hydroxycitronellal, Benzyl Benzoate [+/-Iron Oxides (Ci 77492), Iron Oxides (Ci 77491), Ultramarines (Ci 77007), Yellow 5 Lake (Ci 19140), Iron Oxide (Ci 77499)].

Usage:
Easy Bake is easy to use thanks to its unique powder net, which disperses a controlled amount of powder. By following Huda’s step-by-step guide, you’ll be able to brighten and revitalize the look of your under-eye area, while also enhancing the contours of your face.

BAKE: After applying concealer, apply a generous layer of powder under the eye, on the T-zone, laugh lines, outer corners of the mouth, and chin. Let the powder sit for 3-5 minutes before dusting off excess.

SET: After applying concealer, lightly dust powder all over the face; concentrating more of the product under the eye and on oily areas, such as the T-zone.

TOUCH UP: Use product to touch up and control shine throughout the day, without the cake. ** Try our Baby Bakes to touch up on-the-go!**

Huda's Hack: *Use a lighter shade of Easy Bake to help brighten under eyes and high points of the face *Shade Sugar Cookie is our translucent powder for those looking for a universal shade

Recommendations:
Can be used in all Complexions
Best for all skin types:
Combination, Dry, Oily and Sensitive